feat: export logs endpoint (#36186)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/serious-apricots-compare.md

---
'@rocket.chat/rest-typings': minor
'@rocket.chat/apps-engine': minor
'@rocket.chat/meteor': minor
---

> Added endpoint to export apps logs as files

Author: ```suggestion
Adds an endpoint to export apps logs as files
```
